AGENT: Hello, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. Am I speaking with Jaquan Young?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Thanks, Jaquan. This is Ana from Barwood & Regency. Your pickup is scheduled for today at 1:30 PM, and you also have a will-call trip today from 5 0 1 North Summit Avenue to 4 3 8 North Summit Avenue in Gaithersburg. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Could you read that back to me?
AGENT: You have a scheduled pickup today at 1:30 PM, and you also have a will-call trip today from 5 0 1 North Summit Avenue to 4 3 8 North Summit Avenue in Gaithersburg. Is there anything else you'd like to do with these trips?
CALLER: I have one to four three. Yeah. That's what I was could you read it again, please?
AGENT: Just to confirm, you want me to read back your trips again? You have a scheduled pickup today at 1:30 PM, and a will-call trip today from 5 0 1 North Summit Avenue to 4 3 8 North Summit Avenue in Gaithersburg. Is that correct?
CALLER: Did a little call. I know what that means. Could you read it back one more time? Speak to somebody. Can I speak to somebody, a live agent? Perhaps? Please?
AGENT: I can actually help with cancellations and checking your trip status right here — usually faster than waiting for an agent. What do you need today?
CALLER: I would like to wait for an aide. Yes. The trip is pickup at four three eight North Summit going to five zero one North Frederick.
AGENT: Looks like you already have trips from 4 3 8 North Summit Avenue to 5 0 1 North Summit Avenue at 1:30 PM today, and a will-call trip back. What would you like to do?
CALLER: Pickup should be at
AGENT: It seems like you were about to say something about the pickup. Could you please complete that for me?
CALLER: No. That's good. 01:30 pickup is correct.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming the 1:30 PM pickup time. Would you like to check the status, cancel, change, or do something else with your trips?
CALLER: No. That's it. Thank you.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Jaquan. Have a wonderful day.