AGENT: Hello Donna, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Can you hear me?
AGENT: Yes, I can hear you. How can I assist you with your ride today?
CALLER: Okay. I need to be picked up at 1301 Picard Drive, and taken to Best Buy in Rockville,
AGENT: Thank you for sharing your pickup and dropoff locations. How would you like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
AGENT: Take your time. Just let me know when you're ready.
CALLER: Call call and ride.
AGENT: Great, you’d like to pay with Call and Ride. Could you please provide the last six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the last six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: Three two seven six four zero.
AGENT: Thank you, your payment method is set to Call and Ride.
AGENT: I have 1 3 0 1 Piccard Drive, Rockville, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: I found Best Buy at 1 2 0 0 Rockville Pike, Rockville, Maryland. Is that the correct dropoff location?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Donna.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Now?
AGENT: Just to clarify, would you like a pickup right now, or would you prefer to schedule a will-call trip to call back when you're ready?
CALLER: Now
AGENT: Thank you. How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: What? No. Regular. Cab.
AGENT: I haven't recorded the number of passengers yet. How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One.
AGENT: Thank you. Will you need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One passenger
AGENT: I have one passenger noted. Will you need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: No. No. No. No. Oh my god. Freak out.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know. I have noted no wheelchair needed. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: South side
AGENT: Donna, the estimated fare for your trip is 15.5 dollars, paying with your Call and Ride card. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: Yeah.
AGENT: What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: I'll call back for that.
AGENT: Got it, your return trip is set as a will-call trip. How many passengers will be traveling on the return trip, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Just to be sure, does "no" mean no passengers or no wheelchair needed for the return trip? Could you please clarify?
CALLER: No wheelchair, one passenger.
AGENT: For your return trip, I have the pickup as 1 2 0 0 Rockville Pike, Rockville, Maryland, and the dropoff as 1 3 0 1 Piccard Drive, Rockville, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yeah.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your return trip is 15.5 dollars, paying with your Call and Ride card. Should I go ahead and book both your main and return trips?
CALLER: Yeah.
AGENT: Thank you, Donna. I am now booking both your main and return trips.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for today at 5:35 PM with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 8 6 2 0. Your return trip is a will-call booking with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 8 6 2 1. You can call back when you're ready for the return trip and a driver will be dispatched then. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Donna. Have a wonderful day.