AGENT: Hello Kent, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: I like a taxi cab to go on a trip.
AGENT: Thank you for choosing us for your trip. How would you like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: It'll be gosh. I'm definitely paying cash.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know. Your payment method is set to cash.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the pickup address for your trip?
CALLER: One zero four zero one Motor City Drive. Bethesda.
AGENT: I have 1 0 4 0 1 Motor City Drive, Bethesda, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: That is correct.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: Oh, boy.
AGENT: Take your time. Whenever you're ready, please tell me the destination or dropoff address for your trip.
CALLER: I believe it's yes.
AGENT: Could you please clarify the destination or dropoff address you would like to go to?
CALLER: Yes. It's one one two four zero seven lots. Road Rockville, Maryland
AGENT: I couldn't locate the address "112407 Lots Road, Rockville, Maryland." Could you please confirm the street number and name again? If you're unsure about the street number, just let me know.
CALLER: I'm not exactly sure if I'm gonna see. I'm not sure.
AGENT: I found a location called The Rae at 1 0 4 0 1 Motor City Drive, Bethesda, Maryland. Is this the dropoff location you want?
CALLER: No. It's on 7 Locks Road. It's called the rockville internal medicine.
AGENT: I found Rockville Internal Medicine Group at 1 2 0 1 Seven Locks Road, Rockville, Maryland. Is this the dropoff location you want?
CALLER: Okay. That's yes. It is.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Kent.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Right now, And we well, as soon as possible, please.
AGENT: Got it, your pickup time is set for right now. How many passengers will be traveling, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: It'll be one passenger. No wheelchair. Thank you.
AGENT: Thank you for that. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: No. I would like to hear I think to get here with just twenty minutes.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 13.5 dollars, and you will be paying with cash. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Great, I'll start collecting the details for your return trip now.
AGENT: What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: Alright. It's about 02:00.
AGENT: Just to confirm, do you mean 2:00 PM for your return trip pickup time?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming 2:00 PM for your return trip pickup. How many passengers will be traveling on the return trip, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: I'll be one passenger in no wheelchair available. I'll be accessible.
AGENT: For your return trip, I have the pickup at 1 2 0 1 Seven Locks Road, Rockville, Maryland, and the dropoff at 1 0 4 0 1 Motor City Drive, Bethesda, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: That's right. Yes, it is correct.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your return trip is 13.5 dollars, paying with cash. Should I go ahead and book both your main trip and return trip now?
CALLER: Yes. But there will be change in the maturity of now that I think about it.
AGENT: Sure, let me update that for you.
AGENT: What new pickup time would you like for your return trip?
CALLER: It will be changing. It won't be the same destination as the original came from.
AGENT: I understand you want to change the pickup time for your return trip. Please tell me the new pickup time you'd like.
CALLER: 02:00.
AGENT: Just to confirm, do you mean 2:00 PM for your updated return trip pickup time?
CALLER: The destination is what I wanna change.
AGENT: Since you want to change the destination address for your trip, I will connect you to a live agent who can assist with that. Please hold for a moment.
AGENT: Your main trip is booked with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 3 3 9 8, and the pickup time is today at 12:32 PM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: Yes. I do. I do. Thank you.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Kent. Have a wonderful day.