AGENT: Hi Leah, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Schedule a trip.
AGENT: I'd be happy to help schedule your trip. How would you like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Concorde,
AGENT: Just to make sure I understand, did you mean to say "Call and Ride" as your payment method? If so, I will ask for the last six digits of your Call and Ride card. If not, please let me know how you'd like to pay.
CALLER: By card.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you'll be paying by card. I'll proceed with that payment method.
AGENT: Thank you, I have your payment method as credit card. I'll proceed with your trip booking now.
AGENT: Could you please provide the pickup address for your trip?
CALLER: One time. Nine. Zero one. Bradford. Road. ZIP code, six zero eight seven six.
AGENT: Thank you for the address. Just to confirm, is your pickup address one nine zero one Bradford Road? Could you please also tell me the city and state for this address?
CALLER: It's one nine nine. Zero one. ZIP code, two zero eight. Seven six.
AGENT: Thank you for the correction. To confirm, is your pickup address one nine nine zero one Bradford Road? Could you please provide the city and state for this address?
CALLER: No. The location is one nine nine. Zero one. Rhetoric Rose. ZIP code, two zero eight. Seven six.
AGENT: I have the pickup address as one nine nine zero one Frederick Road, Germantown, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: The drop off is one two five. Three zero
AGENT: Thank you for the dropoff address number. Could you please provide the full street name, city, and state for the dropoff location?
CALLER: One two five three zero milestone Center. Drive.
AGENT: Thank you. Could you please tell me the city and state for one two five three zero Milestone Center Drive?
CALLER: ZIP code, two zero eight seven. Six.
AGENT: Could you please provide the city name for one two five three zero Milestone Center Drive with ZIP code two zero eight seven six?
CALLER: 208. 76.
AGENT: I understand the ZIP code is two zero eight seven six. Could you please tell me the city name for one two five three zero Milestone Center Drive?
AGENT: Take your time. Just let me know when you're ready.
CALLER: 1530 Milestone Center Drive. ZIP code, two zero eight seven six.
AGENT: I have the dropoff address as one five three zero Caton Center Drive, Halethorpe, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: 12530. Milestone Center Drive,
AGENT: Thank you for the correction. To confirm, is your dropoff address one two five three zero Milestone Center Drive? Could you please provide the city and state for this address?
CALLER: Germantown. Two zero eight seven six.
AGENT: I have the dropoff address as one two five three zero Milestone Center Drive, Germantown, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Leah. I'll proceed with arranging your trip now.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: I would like to be picked up name.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the time you would like to be picked up?
CALLER: Now
AGENT: Thank you. How many passengers will be traveling, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One passenger.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know there will be one passenger. Will you need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: No tear.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you do not need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Leah, the estimated fare for your trip is 12 dollars, paying with a credit card. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: I'm processing your booking now. Please hold on a moment.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for today at 12:43 PM. Your confirmation number is 2 1 3 6 6 8 1 4 1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: No, just text me the tracking. For the trip I've requested.
AGENT: I can't send texts directly, but you can receive trip updates by using the contact options provided when you booked. If you'd like, I can connect you to someone who can assist with text notifications. Would you like me to do that?
CALLER: Yes.
CALLER: Another.
AGENT: Looks like you already have a trip from 1 9 9 0 1 Frederick Road to 1 2 5 3 0 Milestone Center Drive at today 12:43 PM. What would you like to do?
CALLER: I would like to receive a cracker with the driver and the car information.
AGENT: I'm connecting you to a customer service representative now. Please stay on the line.