AGENT: Hi Kevin, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: I need a ride.
AGENT: I'd be happy to help with your ride. How would you like to pay today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Alright.
AGENT: Could you please let me know which payment method you'd like to use for your ride? Cash, credit card, or Call and Ride?
CALLER: Call and ride.
AGENT: Thank you for choosing Call and Ride. Could you please provide the last six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: Zero eight six three zero three.
AGENT: Thank you, your payment with Call and Ride is all set.
AGENT: To get started, could you please tell me the pickup address for your ride?
CALLER: Eighteen three one five lost night Circle.
AGENT: I have 1 8 3 1 5 Lost Knife Circle, Montgomery Village, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: Sixteen eight three seven. Crab's Branch Way,
AGENT: I have 1 6 8 3 7 Crabbs Branch Way, Derwood, Maryland as your dropoff address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified. Thank you, Kevin. I will now proceed with arranging your ride.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Right now.
AGENT: How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: Yeah. Yeah. No. One one passage.
AGENT: Thank you, I have recorded 1 passenger and no wheelchair needed. Do you have any special instructions for the driver?
CALLER: Can you come back to pick me up in twenty five minutes?
AGENT: Got it, I'll check on the return trip once your main trip details are complete. For now, do you have any special instructions for the driver?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Kevin, the estimated fare for your trip is 15.5 dollars, paying with Call and Ride. You mentioned you'd like a return trip in about twenty-five minutes — would you still like me to set that up?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: What time?
AGENT: Yes, what time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: Return on trip is from six sixteen eighty three sixteen eight three seven Grass Branch Way.
AGENT: I don't have the return trip pickup address yet. Let's continue with the return trip details. What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: That's how I'm dropped off and in twenty five minute.
AGENT: I have noted your return trip pickup time as 25 minutes after your first trip. How many passengers will be traveling on the return trip, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One.
AGENT: Thank you, I have recorded 1 passenger for the return trip. Will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: No.
CALLER: Today,
AGENT: Thank you for your patience. I am processing your booking now.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for today at 1:32 PM. Your confirmation number is 2 1 3 6 7 9 4 7 1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
AGENT: You already have a trip scheduled from Montgomery Village to Derwood today at 1:32 pm. What would you like to do next?
CALLER: Nothing.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Kevin. Have a great day.
CALLER: Two.