AGENT: Hello Leah, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: I want to schedule a trip
AGENT: I can help you with scheduling your trip. Could you please tell me the pickup address?
CALLER: Yeah. The pickup address is two zero six zero zero Seneca Meadows. Parkway.
AGENT: Thank you for sharing your pickup address at 2 0 6 0 0 Seneca Meadows Parkway. How would you like to pay for your trip? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Cash.
AGENT: Thank you, your payment method is set to cash.
AGENT: I have the pickup address as 2 0 6 0 0 Seneca Meadows Parkway, Germantown, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: One time eight. Hundred and one observation drive. Germantown, two zero eight seven six.
AGENT: Thank you for providing the dropoff address at 1 0 8 0 1 Observation Drive, Germantown, Maryland. Let me confirm that for you.
AGENT: I found several locations on Observation Drive in Germantown, Maryland:

1. Holy Cross Germantown Hospital at 1 9 8 0 1 Observation Drive
2. Holy Cross Germantown Hospital Emergency Room at 1 9 8 0 1 Observation Drive
3. Chesapeake Urology - Holy Cross Germantown at 1 9 8 5 1 Observation Drive, Suite 4 5 5
4. 1 9 8 5 1 Observation Drive, Suite 3 6 0
5. Fresenius Kidney Care Germantown at 1 9 8 5 1 Observation Drive, Suite 1 5 0

Which one would you like to use?
CALLER: Holy Cross Health emergency room.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Leah. I will now proceed with arranging your trip.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: I'd like to be picked up, man.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the specific time you would like to be picked up?
CALLER: I'd like to get picked up now. It's almost 09:30PM. I'd like to be picked up now.
AGENT: Thanks for letting me know you want to be picked up now, around 9:30 PM. How many passengers will be traveling, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One passenger. No care.
AGENT: I have recorded one passenger and no wheelchair needed. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: For the driver to pick me up, on the deli side of the Wegmans grocery store.
AGENT: Your pickup is scheduled for today at 9:33 PM at 2 0 6 0 0 Seneca Meadows Parkway, and your dropoff is at 1 9 8 0 1 Observation Drive. The estimated fare is 9.5 dollars, paying with Self. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: So
AGENT: Just to clarify, would you like to schedule a return trip for your ride?
CALLER: So
AGENT: Just to clarify, would you like to schedule a return trip for your ride?
CALLER: So
AGENT: Just to clarify, would you like to schedule a return trip for your ride?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know. I am processing your main trip booking now. Please hold on a moment.
AGENT: Your main trip is booked with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 7 3 5 1. Your pickup is today at 9:33 PM. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
AGENT: I'm experiencing a technical limitation on my end. Let me connect you with a human agent who can assist you better.