AGENT: Hello Sahar, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Yes. Need a check from my home to 15205 New Hampshire Avenue in Single Spring, Maryland. And I'll pay with credit card for the strip.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you'll be paying with a credit card. Your payment method is confirmed as Credit Card.
AGENT: I have your pickup address as eight seven zero zero Snouffer School Road, Gaithersburg, Maryland. That is confirmed. However, I couldn't locate the dropoff address at one five two zero five New Hampshire Avenue in Single Spring, Maryland. Could you please provide the full dropoff address again, including the street name and city?
CALLER: Yes. My drop off here.
AGENT: Could you please say the full dropoff address again, including the street number, street name, and city? That way I can make sure I have it exactly right for you.
CALLER: One. 15205 New Hampshire. Avenue in Silver Spring, Maryland.
AGENT: I have the dropoff address as one five two zero five New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: 15205 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, Maryland.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Sahar. I will now proceed with the next steps for your trip.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Yes. That's correct.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Pick me up tomorrow at 12PM.
AGENT: Your pickup time is set for tomorrow at 12:00 PM. How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One passenger and no wheelchair no instructions for the driver.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 36 dollars, paying with your credit card. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: Pick me up at 05:30PM. Tomorrow
AGENT: Your return trip pickup time is set for tomorrow at 5:30 PM. How many passengers will be traveling on the return trip, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: Yes. Picking up tomorrow at 05:50PM.
CALLER: Hello?