AGENT: Hello Asen, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Need a cab to 18600, cross country lane. Going to one zero eight o tower Old Town, Gaithersburg, to the beauty salon.
AGENT: Thank you for sharing your destination details. How would you like to pay for your ride today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: I guess I pay credit card.
AGENT: Thank you, your payment by credit card is all set.
AGENT: I have your pickup address as 1 8 6 0 0 Cross Country Lane, Gaithersburg, Maryland. However, I couldn't locate the dropoff address you gave me as 1 0 8 0 Tower Old Town, Gaithersburg. Could you please provide the full dropoff address including the street name and city?
CALLER: Right. Oh, three fifty five.
AGENT: Could you please provide the full dropoff address including the street name and city? The number alone is not enough to locate it.
CALLER: One zero eight Old Town Avenue in Cadenceburg. It's off 355 by the old post before you get to the old post office. Speak before you get to the old post office.
AGENT: I found the dropoff address as 1 0 8 Olde Towne Avenue, Gaithersburg, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yeah.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Asen. I will now proceed with arranging your trip.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Okay. I'm ready, ma'am.
AGENT: Could you please tell me what time you would like to be picked up?
CALLER: Right now.
AGENT: Your pickup time is set for right now. How many passengers will be traveling, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: Just one pastor.
AGENT: Thank you. Will you be needing a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: Quickest way he could get there. Or not to get there. He know how to get there.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 9.5 dollars, and the payment method is credit card. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: The quickest way. Because I don't have a lot of money.
AGENT: I understand you want the quickest way to keep the cost low. The fare I mentioned is the estimated cost for your trip. Would you like me to help you schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: Yes. Yes. I will.
AGENT: What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: Yes. I'll call you when I get finished getting my feet and hands in. I'm not sure I got to get my head dead. And my feet done. I know how long it's gonna be. I wanna hurry up and get there before it get crowded.
AGENT: I've noted that your return trip will be will-call, and the driver has your instructions. How many passengers will be traveling on the return trip, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: Okay. One.
AGENT: Thank you. Will you be needing a wheelchair-accessible vehicle for the return trip?
CALLER: No. No. No. No. No. No. No. And I'm ready now.
AGENT: For your return trip, I have the pickup as 1 0 8 Olde Towne Avenue and the dropoff as 1 8 6 0 0 Cross Country Lane. Is that correct?
CALLER: No. You gotta pick me up at one eight six hundred Yeah. The drop off will be one eight six hundred coming back from 03:55. I'm ready now.
AGENT: Just to confirm, your return trip pickup will be 1 0 8 Olde Towne Avenue, and your dropoff will be 3 5 5 Cross Country Lane. Is that right?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: I couldn't verify 3 5 5 Cross Country Lane. The closest match I found is 3 1 Booth Street in Gaithersburg. Could you please confirm the correct street number for your return trip dropoff?
CALLER: My pickup is one eight six hundred cross lane.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming your pickup as 1 8 6 0 0 Cross Country Lane. Could you please provide the correct dropoff address for your return trip?
CALLER: 18600 Cross Country Lane.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming your pickup as 1 8 6 0 0 Cross Country Lane. Could you please provide the dropoff address for your return trip?
CALLER: 18600 Cross Country Lane. Come on. I'm ready to go. You're asking me the same stuff over and
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Asen. I will now proceed with arranging your return trip.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your return trip is 9.5 dollars, and the payment method is self-pay. Should I go ahead and book both your trips now?
CALLER: No. Just booked the one. I don't know how long I'm a be. Coming back. You can poke it, but I don't know how long I'm a be
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know. I am processing the booking for your trip now. Please hold on a moment.
AGENT: Your main trip is booked with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 7 9 2 4 6, and your pickup is today at 9:38 AM. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
CALLER: No. Thank you. 938. Yeah.