AGENT: Hi Mike, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Yes. I need a text. Yeah.
AGENT: Could you please clarify what kind of text you need? Are you asking for a text message about a ride, or something else?
CALLER: A taxi. And I need a taxi.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you need a taxi. How would you like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: It's gonna be calling right.
AGENT: Just to make sure, did you mean Call and Ride for your payment method? If so, could you please provide the last
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Great! Could you please provide the last six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: Three zero six six three six.
AGENT: Thank you, your payment method is set to Call And Ride. I'll proceed with your booking now.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the pickup address for your taxi?
CALLER: Eighteen seventy one five North Frederick Avenue. Gaithersburg, Maine.
AGENT: I have 1 8 7 1 5 North Frederick Avenue, Gaithersburg, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Correct.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: 883 Russell Avenue in Gaithersburg, Maryland.
AGENT: I have 8 8 3 Russell Avenue, Gaithersburg, Maryland as your dropoff address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Correct.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Mike. I'll now proceed with your booking.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Two thirty five ten.
AGENT: Just to confirm, did you mean 2:35 PM or 10:35 AM for your pickup time?
CALLER: 02:35PM.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming 2:35 PM today for your pickup. How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: No. Two in one. Two in no.
AGENT: I have recorded 2 passengers with 1 needing a wheelchair-accessible vehicle. Do you have any special instructions for the driver?
CALLER: No wheelchair. No wheelchair.
AGENT: Thank you for clarifying that there is no wheelchair needed. Do you have any special instructions for the driver?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 6.5 dollars, and you will be paying with your Call and Ride account. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: Yes. Uh, we'll call.
AGENT: Got it, you would like a will-call return trip. I will set that up for you now.
AGENT: Your return trip will be a will-call trip from 883 Russell Avenue back to 18715 North Frederick Avenue. The estimated fare for the return trip is 7.5 dollars, paying with your Call and Ride account. Should I go ahead and book both trips?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Thank you. I am now booking both your trips.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for today at 2:35 pm with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 8 4 7 1. Your return trip is a will-call booking with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 8 4 7 2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Mike. Have a great day!