AGENT: Hi Latanya, this is Ana from Barwood & Regency. How can I help you today?
CALLER: I like a cab at one eight five zero two Sweet Autumn Drive, Gaithersburg, Maryland. I'm going to eight zero eight Hogarford Road, Rockville.
AGENT: Thank you for sharing your pickup and dropoff addresses. How would you like to pay for your ride today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Caller, Call him. Right?
AGENT: Just to make sure, did you mean Call and Ride for your payment method? If so, could you please provide the last six digits of your Call and Ride card? If not, please let me know which payment method you'd prefer.
CALLER: Yep.
AGENT: Could you please provide the last six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: Three four,
AGENT: I heard "three four" so far. Could you please provide the full six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: three four nine three
AGENT: Thank you. I have "three four nine three" so far. Could you please provide the remaining digits to complete the six-digit number on your Call and Ride card?
AGENT: Take your time. Just let me know when you're ready.
CALLER: Three four nine three six two
AGENT: Thank you for providing your Call and Ride card details. Your payment method is set as Call And Ride.
AGENT: I have the pickup address as one eight five zero two Sweet Autumn Drive, Gaithersburg, Maryland, and the dropoff address as eight zero eight Hungerford Drive, Rockville, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup and dropoff addresses have been verified, Latanya.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Now.
AGENT: How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One
AGENT: Will you be needing a wheelchair accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One person, no wheelchair.
AGENT: Do you have any special instructions for the driver?
CALLER: No
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 19.5 dollars, and you will be paying with your Call and Ride account. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: No. Yes.
AGENT: Just to clarify, do you want to book only the one-way trip now without a return trip?
CALLER: Just one way.
AGENT: Alright, I will proceed with booking your one-way trip. Should I go ahead and book it now?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Booking your trip now.
AGENT: Your one-way trip is booked with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 6 7 4 9. Your pickup is today at 9:09 AM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Latanya. Have a wonderful day!