AGENT: Hi Debbie, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: I'd like to schedule a pickup for Thursday morning, uh, July 9 at 04:45AM. At fifty eight o five Wilson Lane, Bethesda, Maryland
AGENT: Thank you for sharing your pickup details for Thursday morning at 4:45 am from 5 8 0 5 Wilson Lane, Bethesda, Maryland. How would you like to pay for this ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Cash.
AGENT: Thank you, your payment method is set to cash.
AGENT: I have 5 8 0 5 Wilson Lane, Bethesda, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Correct.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: DCA Ronald Reagan National Airport.
AGENT: I have 2 4 0 1 Smith Boulevard, Arlington, Virginia as your dropoff address. Is that correct?
CALLER: I'm not sure it's National Airport.
AGENT: Thank you for clarifying. The address I have is 2 4 0 1 Smith Boulevard, Arlington, Virginia, which is Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport. Is this the correct destination you want, or would you like to provide a different address or location?
CALLER: Yes. That's correct. National Airport is correct.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Debbie. I will now proceed with the next steps.
AGENT: You mentioned a pickup on Thursday, July 9 at 4:45 am. Is that correct?
CALLER: Correct.
AGENT: How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: It will only be myself. And no, I do not need anything additional for real chair or anything like that.
AGENT: Thank you. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: No. Can they call me can they call me when they arrive? I want you know, just to make sure I see them and I verify they're here.
AGENT: Debbie, the estimated fare for your trip is 38 dollars, paying with cash. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well? Also, about your question, I will make sure the driver calls you when they arrive so you can verify they're there.
CALLER: Okay. No. I do not need to return pickup.
AGENT: I'm processing your booking now. Please hold on a moment.
AGENT: Your trip is scheduled for Thursday, July 9th at 4:45 am. Your confirmation number is 2 1 3 6 6 9 3 9 3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: Could you repeat the confirmation number, please?
AGENT: Certainly. Your confirmation number is 2 1 3 6 6 9 3 9 3. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
AGENT: Take your time. Just let me know when you're ready.
CALLER: No, that will be perfect. Thank you. Yes. I'm ready. That's perfect. Thank you. Good.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Debbie. Have a wonderful day.
CALLER: Thank you.