AGENT: Hello, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: I need to know the distance from my home to a destination, please. To the dentist.
AGENT: You don't have any active trips scheduled right now. Would you like me to help you book a ride to the dentist?
CALLER: I'd like to speak to a a a person, please.
CALLER: Hello?
AGENT: I hear you. How can I assist you with your ride or trip today?
CALLER: How far is it from eighteen three zero one Georgia Avenue
CALLER: Olney, Maryland but and I'm going to seventeen seven two one Georgia Avenue. Olney, Maryland
CALLER: How many miles is that please? Can I walk it maybe? If it's a few blocks, I could maybe walk from my home Please tell me.
AGENT: I don't have the distance information yet because we haven't finalized your trip details. Before I can check that for you, could you please tell me how you would like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Call and ride.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you'd like to pay with Call and Ride. Could you please
CALLER: Or credit.
AGENT: Thanks for letting me know you might pay with Call and Ride or credit card. To proceed, could you please confirm which one you'd prefer to use for this trip? If it's Call and Ride, I'll need the last six digits of your card. If credit card, no further details are needed.
CALLER: What items No. Alright. We'll use the credit card.
AGENT: Thank you for choosing credit card as your payment method. I'll proceed with that. Now, is there anything else you'd like to add or ask about your trip?
CALLER: Yes. I'd like to know how much it cost and I'd like to know how far it is exactly. From door to door.
AGENT: I have 1 8 3 0 1 Georgia Avenue, Silver Spring, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Go. It's wrong. It is not Silver Spring, Maryland. It is all me. Maryland.
AGENT: Thank you for the correction. Just to clarify, you said the pickup address is 1 8 3 0 1 Georgia Avenue, Olney, Maryland? Could you please confirm the city or area name for the address?
CALLER: Only o l n e y, Maryland.
AGENT: I have 1 8 3 0 1 Georgia Avenue, Olney, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes. It is.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: Seventeen seven two one Georgia Avenue Olney, Maryland. Two zero eight three two
AGENT: I have 1 7 7 2 1 Georgia Avenue, Olney, Maryland as your dropoff address. Is that correct?
CALLER: That is correct.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Mr. Lerner. I will now proceed with the next steps for your trip.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Can you tell me how far it is, please? Are you not gonna tell me that unless I make an appointment?
AGENT: The distance for your trip is about 0.94 miles. Now, when would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: I'm not sure, but how much will it cost?
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is $6.50. Now, when would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: I'm not sure. Did you how many miles is it again?
AGENT: The
CALLER: From door to door? Please?
AGENT: Your trip distance is 0.94 miles from door to door. When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: I am not sure. What side of the street is it on, please?
CALLER: What side of Georgia Avenue is it on, please?
AGENT: I have your pickup address as 1 8 3 0 1 Georgia Avenue in Olney, Maryland. Unfortunately, I don't have details about which side of the street the pickup will be on. When would you
CALLER: Yeah.
AGENT: Thank
CALLER: Okay. Thank you. Very much. I'm going to call back later Thank you.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, lerner. Have a wonderful day.
CALLER: Hi.
CALLER: Okay.