AGENT: Hi Joan, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Good morning. My name is Pierce Hammond. I live at 9904 Fleming Avenue, and I use you from time to time. So I'm probably on your record all the been a while. And I'm going to 5454 Wisconsin Avenue, down in Cherry Chase.
AGENT: Good morning, Pierce. Thank you for sharing your trip details. How would you like to pay for your ride today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: From 9904 Fleming, f l Can you am I
AGENT: I want to make sure I understand you correctly. Could you please tell me how you would like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Yeah. Credit card.
AGENT: Thank you, Pierce. Your payment by credit card is all set. The system will now proceed with arranging your ride.
AGENT: I have 9904 Fleming Avenue, Bethesda, Maryland as your pickup, and 5454 Wisconsin Avenue Suite 1100, Chevy Chase, Maryland as your dropoff. Is that correct?
CALLER: That's correct. I think you don't you've got the floor wrong, but that doesn't matter. You just said 5454 Wisconsin and you said something about 1,100. Not the suite I'm going to, but that doesn't matter, does it? Are you there? Hello? Hello?
AGENT: Your pickup and dropoff addresses have been verified, Pierce. I am here to assist you further if needed.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Okay. What time? Time are you picking me up? Hello?
AGENT: I’m here to help. What time would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: What? Um, I think a half an hour is probably what it needs. Does that sound right to you?
AGENT: I have scheduled your pickup for today in 30 minutes, at 7:43 AM. How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will you need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: Yeah. I I I don't need I think I'm not getting through to you. Hang on a second, please.
AGENT: Take your time. Whenever you're ready, please let me know how many passengers will be traveling and if you need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle.
CALLER: I'll make sure I know when my appointment my appointment my appointment my appointment my appoint excuse me. It's it's only me, and I have to be there at 09:00. So I don't need to be picked up at seven whatever you said. I need to be picked up at maybe 08:15? Is that possible? Hello?
AGENT: Thank you for the update. You need to be picked up at 8:15 AM today to make your 9:00 AM appointment. Let me confirm that pickup time for you.
AGENT: Your pickup is now scheduled for today at 8:15 AM with one passenger. Will you need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: that's No. I will not. Thank you.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you do not need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: No. I just need to get down there and hop out and go to my appointment at fifty four fifty four. It's a straightforward kind of thing. Thank you.
AGENT: Joan, the estimated fare for your trip is 16.5 dollars, paying with a credit card. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: I will call you when I'm done with my appointment if that's alright. It'll probably take about an hour, but it's an appointment at the doctor I'm not gonna try and guess when we'll be done. But I I I don't think it'll be more than an hour. So if you want an approximation, an hour later.
AGENT: That sounds perfectly fine. I can note that you will call us when you are ready for your return trip after your appointment. Is there anything else I can assist you with right now?
CALLER: But I can't okay. Yes. I no. I'll call you when I'm done with my appointment. And say I'm ready to be picked up. Is that okay? Is that okay?
AGENT: Yes, that's absolutely okay. I've set up your return trip as a will-call, so you can call us when you're ready to be picked up. Your return trip will be from 5454 Wisconsin Avenue back to 9904 Fleming Avenue, with the same payment method. Would you like me to go ahead and book both trips now?
CALLER: That's that's might as well. Yes. Thank you.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming. I am now booking both your trips.
AGENT: I'm processing your booking now. Please hold on a moment.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for today at 8:15 AM with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 7 9 0 7 0. Your return trip is a will-call booking with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 7 9 0 7 1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: 21367. What was the rest of that number?
AGENT: The full confirmation number for your main trip is 2 1 3 6 7 9 0 7 0. Would you like me to repeat the return trip number as well?
CALLER: Yeah.
AGENT: The confirmation number for your return trip is 2 1 3 6 7 9 0 7 1. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
CALLER: Oh, I thought that was the return trip number. So
AGENT: Yes, the number I just gave you, 2 1 3 6 7 9 0 7 1, is for your return trip. The main trip number is 2 1 3 6 7 9 0 7 0. Is there anything else you'd like me to help with?
CALLER: No. Thank you very much. Alright.
CALLER: Have a good day.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Joan. Have a wonderful day!