AGENT: Hi Tyra, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: I'm doing a call and ride
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you're using Call and Ride. Could you please provide the last six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: Three five one four. Two six.
AGENT: Thank you, your Call and Ride payment is verified and ready to go.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the pickup address for your ride?
CALLER: One four two zero one wolf Creek Place, in silver spring Maryland.
AGENT: I have the pickup address as one four two zero one Wolf Creek Place, Silver Spring, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: One three seven one one Connecticut Avenue,
AGENT: I have the dropoff address as one three seven one one Connecticut
CALLER: in Silver Spring
AGENT: I have the dropoff address as one three seven one one Connecticut Avenue, Silver Spring, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Tyra.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Now
AGENT: How many passengers will be traveling, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One no wheelchair.
AGENT: Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: Just air conditioning.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 12 dollars, paying with your Call and Ride card. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Great, I'll start collecting the return trip details for you.
AGENT: What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: I'm not sure.
AGENT: No problem, I've recorded your return trip as a will-call trip. How many passengers will be traveling on the return trip, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One passenger. No wheelchair.
AGENT: For your return trip, I have the pickup address as one three seven one one Connecticut Avenue, Silver Spring, Maryland, and the dropoff address as one four two zero one Wolf Creek Place, Silver Spring, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your return trip is 12 dollars, paying with your Call and Ride card. Should I go ahead and book both your main trip and return trip?
CALLER: Book the main trip for now.
AGENT: I'll proceed with booking your main trip now.
AGENT: Thank you for waiting. I am now booking both your main trip and your will-call return trip together.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for today at 3:15 PM with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 5 7 6 5. Your return trip is a will-call booking with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 5 7 6 6. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
CALLER: No, that'll be all.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Tyra. Have a wonderful day!