AGENT: Hi Everett, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Hi. I'd to get a cab to catch from my house to H Mart.
AGENT: Alright, how would you like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Cash.
AGENT: Okay so I've got that payment noted as cash.
AGENT: Okay, so your pickup
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: I found a few H Mart locations. 
Option one: 9 6 3 9 Lost Knife Road, Gaithersburg, Maryland. 
Option two: 1 2 0 1 5 Georgia Avenue, Wheaton, Maryland. 
Option three: 1 2 2 8 Elden Street, Herndon, Virginia. 
Option four: 8 1 0 3 Lee Highway, Falls Church, Virginia. 
Which one would you like?
CALLER: I like to catch the one that's in Gaithersburg, Maryland.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Everett.
AGENT: When
CALLER: Okay. What do you have for my drop off
CALLER: What what do you what do you have for my pickup address?
AGENT: Your main trip dropoff address is 9639 Lost Knife Road, Gaithersburg, Maryland, and your pickup address is 4 5 5 North Frederick Avenue, Gaithersburg, Maryland. Now, when would you like to be picked up? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: Right now.
AGENT: Okay great! I've got your pickup time as today at 9:40 AM. Alright, soo <break time="300ms"/> so how many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible
CALLER: Just one.
AGENT: Okay great! I've got that noted. Will you be needing a wheelchair
CALLER: Just one.
AGENT: Okay great! I've got that you will need one wheelchair accessible vehicle. Do you have any special instructions for the driver? <emotion value="grateful"/>
CALLER: No. No. I don't need any wheelchair acceptable
CALLER: anything. All I need is a regular cab, miss, And the gate is and the h mark I'm going with is right up the street from where I live. I'm not sure what the address is, but it's right up the street from where I live.
AGENT: Alright, the estimated fare is 6.5, paying with cash. You mentioned you'd like a regular cab and that your dropoff is near your home but you’re not sure of the exact address. Would you like me to update the dropoff address to your home
CALLER: Right.
AGENT: Okay, so your dropoff
CALLER: If you if you can figure out where it is,
AGENT: Just to confirm, is your dropoff address 4 5 5 North Frederick Avenue, Gaithersburg, Maryland?
CALLER: It's in Gaithersburg, miss.
AGENT: Okay, so your dropoff is 4 5 5 North
CALLER: It's in Gaithersburg, Maryland. It's right up the street from where I live.
AGENT: Okay, so your dropoff is 4 5 5 North Frederick Avenue, Gaithersburg, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Well, it's in Gaithersburg, Maryland. I don't know the address, miss.
AGENT: I understand. Since you’re not sure of the exact address but it’s near your home at 4 5 5 North Frederick Avenue, would you like me to set your dropoff address as your home address for now?
CALLER: You you could, but that's actually where you're picking me up from right now.
AGENT: Thank you for clarifying. Since your pickup is 4 5
CALLER: You're picking me up. You you my pickup is 609 Whetstone Glen Street,
AGENT: Thank you for the update. Just to confirm, is your pickup address 6 0 9 Whetstone Glen Street?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Okay, so your pickup is 6 0 9 Whetstone Glen Street, Gaithersburg, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: 609 Whetstone Glen Street. Gaithersburg, Maryland.
AGENT: Alright, I've updated your dropoff address to your home. Now, would you like to schedule a return trip as well? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
AGENT: Alright, the estimated fare is 6 dollars, paying with your Self account. Would you like to schedule a
CALLER: Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. But okay.
CALLER: Alright. I'm I'm paying cash.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up for your return trip? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: I don't as soon as I get through shopping up here. I'm not gonna be up here alone.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know. When would you like to be picked up for your return trip? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: I don't know. About twenty minutes after I get there.
AGENT: Just to clarify, do you mean about twenty minutes after your first trip ends? If so, I can set your return pickup time as 20 minutes after your first trip. Does that sound right? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: That that that sounds pretty pretty right.
AGENT: Okay great! I've set your return
CALLER: Can I tell them when they when I get there how long I'll be I can call you back when I get there?
AGENT: Got it, I'll arrange the return trip once your main trip details are complete. If you'd prefer to call back when you're ready for your return ride, you can do that too. For now, how many passengers will be traveling on your return trip, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: Just just just me. Just me, miss. No. I don't need that.
AGENT: Just to confirm, for your return trip, your pickup will be 9 6 3 9 Lost Knife Road, Gaithersburg, Maryland, and your dropoff will be 6 0 9 Whetstone Glen Street, Gaithersburg, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Can I just get somebody to pick me up now?
AGENT: Got it, I'll arrange for a driver to pick you up right away from 6 0 9 Whetstone Glen Street, Gaithersburg, Maryland. Please hold on while I get that
CALLER: Six zero nine six zero six zero nine eight six zero nine
AGENT: I'm sorry, I didn't quite catch that. Could you please repeat the address or clarify
CALLER: Whitestone Glen Street. Six zero nine six zero nine Wetstone Six zero nine Holderan. It's getting me confused by you being confused.
AGENT: Okay,
CALLER: My address
AGENT: Thank you for your
CALLER: is six zero nine
AGENT: I'm experiencing a technical limitation on my end. Let me connect you with a human agent who can assist you better.
CALLER: That's what that's that's what