AGENT: Hello, this is Barwood & Regency. Am I speaking with Diane Dickerson?
CALLER: My candy and gave her on my candy because I left it on the bed. I can't even leave stuff out of my bed, grandma. Remember the allergies you gave me? I put it in the freezer. She takes out the freezer, puts it in the cabinet. I took it out of the cabinet. I said, why did you do that? That's mine. Was gonna drink it. I said, don't drink it. Grandma gave this to me. She said it's good for my stomach, and my stomach's really high, and that's why I wanna drink it. I lived in there for a while. You remember you gave it to me last month.
AGENT: Thank you for sharing that with me. Just to make sure I have the right person, am I speaking with Diane Dickerson?
CALLER: I put in the door. I was I hate it.
AGENT: I want to make sure I have the right profile for you. Is your name Diane Dickerson?
CALLER: Hey. And then Yes. Check and look for. Nope. Ridiculous. And then you tell her, don't touch that. If she has one of the same things, she'll eat it all that one up, and then take it. She better not touch my ice cream because I'm a curse her out. I'm cursor out. Yes. So are you done in the consist
AGENT: Thanks, Diane. This is Ana from Barwood & Regency. How can I help you today?
CALLER: Arrive to 5160 Blamford Street. Oh, yeah. 5160 Road.
AGENT: Alright, how would you like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride. <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Hmmm.. that didn't seem right, could you please tell me which payment method you'd like to use? Cash, credit card, or Call and Ride? <emotion value="hesitant"/>
CALLER: Cash.
AGENT: Okay so I've got that payment noted. Let me verify it for you now.
AGENT: Okay so I've got that payment noted as cash. <emotion value="grateful"/>
AGENT: Okay, I found the dropoff address as four zero six Blandford Street, Rockville, Maryland. Is that correct? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: No. No.
AGENT: Okay, please provide the correct dropoff address again.
CALLER: No.
AGENT: I understand you said no. Could you please tell me the dropoff address where you want to go?
CALLER: Five one six zero.
AGENT: Thank you. To confirm, is the dropoff address five one six zero Blandford Street?
CALLER: Five one six zero
AGENT: Hmm, I couldn't find that address as five one six zero Blandford Street. Could you please provide the full street address including the city and state?
CALLER: Five one six zero Hooks Hill Road, Bethesda, Maryland
AGENT: Okay, I found the dropoff address as five one six zero Pooks Hill Road, Bethesda, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the pickup address?
CALLER: Four zero six
AGENT: Thank you. Could you please tell me the street name and city for the pickup address four zero six?
CALLER: Blandford Street, Rockville, Maryland.
AGENT: Okay, I found the pickup address as four zero six Blandford Street, Rockville, Maryland. Is that correct?
AGENT: Okay, I found the pickup address as four zero six Blandford Street, Rockville, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified, Diane.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: Now.
AGENT: Okay great! I've got your pickup time as today at 1:04 AM. <emotion value="grateful"/> Alright, soo <break time="300ms"/> so how many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: One.
AGENT: Thanks for that. Will you be needing a wheelchair-accessible vehicle? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: One, no wheelchair access.
AGENT: Okay great! I've got one passenger and no wheelchair needed. <emotion value="grateful"/> Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: The estimated fare is 19.5 dollars, paying with Self. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: No. Suck.
AGENT: Alright, I understand you do not want a return trip. Let me take care of that for you.
AGENT: Thank you for your patience. I'm processing your booking now.
AGENT: Your main trip is booked with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 7 3 8 5 6. Your pickup is today at 1:04 AM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Diane. Have a wonderful day!