AGENT: Hello, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. May I have your name, please?
CALLER: How you doing? Tell me.
AGENT: I'm doing well, thank you for asking. Before we get started, may I please have your name so I can assist you with your ride today?
CALLER: My name is Tony. Tony.
AGENT: Thanks, Tony. This is Ana from Barwood & Regency. How can I help you today?
CALLER: I would like to have a cab come pick me up at Lake Forest Transit Center. And I'm going to 8329 Fairhaven Drive.
AGENT: Thank you for sharing your pickup and dropoff locations, Tony. How would you like to pay for your ride today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: K. Cash.
AGENT: Thank you, Tony. Your payment method is set to cash.
AGENT: Tony, I found two locations for Lake Forest Transit Center in Gaithersburg, Maryland. One is Lakeforest Transit Center, and the other is Lakeforest Transit Center and Odendhal Avenue. Which one would you like to use for your pickup?
CALLER: Make for a transit center
AGENT: Tony, your pickup address has been verified. Now, please confirm the dropoff address as 8 3 2 9 Fairhaven Drive, Gaithersburg, Maryland. Is that correct?
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Yeah. At now as soon as possible.
AGENT: Got it, I have your pickup time as now, as soon as possible. How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will you need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: Three.
AGENT: Thank you. Will you be needing a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you do not need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: Wow.
AGENT: I understand you might be surprised. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Please tell me the special instructions or notes you would like the driver to know.
CALLER: No. No special insurance insurance. Crazy, man. This fucking is blowing and moving. That's further away from the house.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 11 dollars, and you will be paying with Self. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you for your patience. I am processing your booking now.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for today at 1:01 AM. The confirmation number is 2 1 3 6 6 3 0 6 4. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Tony. Have a great day!
CALLER: Thank you.