AGENT: Hello Morris, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: I need a cab at Walmart One zero Road.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know your pickup location at Walmart One zero Road. How would you like to pay for your ride today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Call the line. Call the line. You got well, you got
AGENT: Just to confirm, did you mean to pay with Call and Ride? If so, could you please provide the last six digits of your Call and Ride card? If not, please let me know which payment method you'd prefer.
CALLER: Yeah. Three four six
AGENT: The last six digits should be six digits long. Could you please provide the full six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: three four seven eight eight seven.
AGENT: Thank you, your payment with Call and Ride has been verified.
AGENT: Could you please provide the pickup address for your ride?
CALLER: Night. 20910 Fresno Road.
AGENT: Thank you. Just to confirm, your pickup address is 2 0 9 1 0 Fresno Road, is that correct?
CALLER: Road, Pleasure Road.
AGENT: Thank you for the clarification. Just to confirm, your pickup address is 2 0 9 1 0 Pleasure Road, is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: I found a similar address from recent trips: 2 0 9 1 0 Frederick Road, Germantown, Maryland. Is that the correct pickup location?
CALLER: Yep.
CALLER: Yes. Yes.
AGENT: I found several Walmart locations: one at 5 9 2 9 Georgia Avenue Northwest, Washington, D C; another at 3 1 0 Riggs Road Northeast, Washington, D C; one at 6 4 0 5 Dobbin Road, Columbia, Maryland; and one at 3 5 4 9 Russett Green East, Laurel, Maryland. Which one would you like to go to?
AGENT: I found several Walmart locations. Which one would you like to go to?

1. 5 9 2 9 Georgia Avenue Northwest, Washington, D C
2. 3 1 0 Riggs Road Northeast, Washington, D C
3. 6 4 0 5 Dobbin Road, Columbia, Maryland
4. 3 5 4 9 Russett Green East, Laurel, Maryland

Please tell me the number of the Walmart location you want.
CALLER: Dermatome myrrolis. Two zero nine one o. Frederick Road in Germantown. Germantown, Maryland
AGENT: It sounds like you want to update the dropoff to 2 0 9 1 0 Frederick Road, Germantown, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yeah. Yeah.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Mr. Morris. I will now proceed with arranging your trip.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Right now, my drop off address is nineteen five seven Old Rock Drive, My pickup address is 20910 Frederick Road,
AGENT: Thank you, I have your pickup time as right now. How many passengers will be traveling, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: Two of us. Just two of us.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know there are two passengers and no wheelchair needed. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: No. Just pick up at Germantown.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 5 dollars, paying with your Call and Ride account. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: I'm processing your booking now. Please hold on a moment.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for today at 12:48 PM. Your confirmation number is 2 1 3 6 6 4 5 9 6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: But I'm gonna do pickup right now, and I don't wanna pick up no 05:00. I will be picked up now.
AGENT: I understand you want to be picked up right now. Let me make sure your pickup time is set for immediate pickup and update your booking accordingly. Please hold on a moment.
AGENT: You already have a trip scheduled from 20910 Frederick Road to 20910 Frederick Road at 12:48 PM today. What would you like to do?
CALLER: Yeah.
AGENT: Could you please tell me if you want to check the status, cancel, change, book a new trip, or something else?
AGENT: I'm experiencing a technical limitation on my end. Let me connect you with a human agent who can assist you better.
CALLER: No. I want to I'm waiting for it now. I need a cab now.
CALLER: Oh,