AGENT: Hello Barbara, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Just calling to see if I can get a taxi cab. A taxi cab. Request. Service. I would like to I'm trying to go from my home in in Seward Spring, Maryland. To the motor vehicle administration to get my driver's a driver's license and then returned
CALLER: and returned back to my address in Silver Spring, Maryland. So it's a round trip.
AGENT: Alright, how would you like to pay for your round trip? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride. <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: Yes. Cash.
AGENT: Okay so I've got that payment noted as cash. <emotion value="grateful"/>
CALLER: Correct.
AGENT: Could you please confirm which address you are referring to so I can proceed with the validation?
AGENT: Okay, so your pickup address is 3 0 4 8 Shepperton Terrace, Silver Spring, Silver Spring, Maryland. Is
CALLER: I believe
AGENT: Could you please confirm if that pickup address is correct for you?
CALLER: Yes. 3048 Shepherdson Terrace, Silver Spring, 20904. Is the correct address.
AGENT: I found a few locations for the motor vehicle administration. 
Option one: 1 6 5 2 0 South Westland Drive, Gaithersburg. 
Option two: 1 5 Metropolitan Grove Road, Gaithersburg. 
Option three: 2 6 0 1 University Boulevard West, Suite 2 0 3, Wheaton. 
Which one would you like to use?
CALLER: No. That neither neither none of those. Let's see. I'll be going to industrial going to the Industrial Parkway. The industrial it's on the the I'm going to Industrial Parkway to pick up my my own. My driver's license.
AGENT: Okay, so you want to go to Industrial Parkway for your driver's license. Could you please provide the full address or any
CALLER: Right.
AGENT: Could you please provide the full address or any nearby landmarks or cross streets on Industrial Parkway to help me find the exact location?
CALLER: Brittany Road, Old Columbia Pike, Industrial Parkway.
AGENT: Hmm, let me check that address. I couldn't find a location for Industrial Parkway with Brittany Road and Old Columbia Pike. Could you please provide a more specific street number or a nearby landmark?
CALLER: That that Briggs, B R I G V S. Cheney Road.
AGENT: Thank you for that. Could you please tell me the street number on Briggs Cheney Road?
CALLER: There's no street number they've exchanged, though. There's there's o o Columbia Pike. He was twenty nine south.
AGENT: Okay, so you mentioned no street number on Briggs Cheney Road, but
CALLER: Let me see.
AGENT: Take your time. Whenever you're ready, just let me know the details for the dropoff address.
CALLER: Well, I'm not I'm not being dropped. My dropoff address is back here at 3048 Shepherds And Terrace.
AGENT: Just to confirm, your dropoff address for the return trip is 3 0
CALLER: I'm going I'm going to
AGENT: I understand you are going somewhere. Could you please clarify the dropoff address you want for your trip?
CALLER: The same way the same place you picked me up from. 3048 Sheraton Terrace is my where I pick up, and 3048 Sheridan Terrace is where I get dropped off at. I don't get dropped. That's I'm I'm going there to pick up my driver's license and I wanna be have to come get back home. I'm going to Industrial Parkway to pick up my driver's license.
AGENT: Thank you for
CALLER: But I have to get back home.
CALLER: The round trip
AGENT: Got it, I'll check on the return trip once your main trip details are complete. Now, let's finalize the dropoff address for your main trip to Industrial Parkway. Could you please provide the full address or a nearby landmark for Industrial Parkway?
CALLER: me see.
AGENT: Take your time. Whenever you're ready, just let me know the details for the dropoff address on Industrial Parkway.
CALLER: And that's it. There's Okay. I'm not I'm not getting well, industrial parkway The motor vehicle administration. That's why I'm going go get my driver's license. Let me see.
AGENT: Okay, so you want to go to the motor vehicle administration on Industrial Parkway to get your driver's license. Could you please provide the full address or any nearby landmarks to help me find the exact location?
CALLER: Go ahead.
CALLER: Ol' columbia pike Industrial Parkway, That's what it's called. Industrial Parkway. Columbia Pike, US 29 South.
AGENT: I found a location called MVA White Oak at 2 1 3 1 Industrial Parkway, Silver Spring, Maryland. Is
CALLER: Correct.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified. Thank you, Barbara.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up? <emotion
CALLER: My dropoff my dropoff is just right. My dropoff
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: By 11:11AM. Let me see what time they open up. That's the thing. 11AM to today by 11:00, 11AM. Let's see what time they open.
AGENT: Okay, just to confirm, you want to be picked up today at 11:11 AM? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: It can just yeah. 11:11 o'clock.
CALLER: 11:00. Eleven. 11:15, you know, before before before 11:30. Okay? So somewhere between eleven and 11:30 is time for me to pick them. They can pick me up.
AGENT: Alright, so you would like to be picked up today around 11:15 AM, sometime before 11:30 AM. Is that correct? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: As long as I'm picked up by 11:30. AM. K. Yes, ma'am. That's correct. That's fine.
AGENT: Okay great! I've got your pickup time noted as today at 11:30 AM. <emotion value="grateful"/> Alright, soo <break time="300ms"/> so how many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone
CALLER: One
AGENT: Thanks for that. Will you need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle for this trip? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: One. One knee. Me only. No.
AGENT: Okay great! I've got
CALLER: And I I would like the I'd like the person to wait I would like for the the driver to bring me back home. Round trip. I'm going there to pick up my driver's license. And then so I don't wanna drive without my driver's license. So I'm gonna have the taxi take me there and bring me back home. It's a round trip.
AGENT: Got it, I'll arrange the return trip once your main trip details are complete. <emotion value="grateful"/> Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: Okay. No. Other than once we get there, I just want him to wait for me. I just have to go get my driver's license to come right back out so he can bring me back. Bring me back home.
CALLER: From where he picked me up from. The round trip,
AGENT: The estimated fare for your main trip is 11 dollars, paying with cash. You mentioned you'd like a return trip as well—would you still like me to set that up? <emotion
CALLER: Yes, ma'am.
CALLER: Yes, ma'am.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up for your return trip? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: No. I wanna stay. I want the the driver can the driver can't wait for me?
AGENT: I
CALLER: The person that takes me there can't can't that person wait for me?
AGENT: Yes, the driver can wait for you while you get your driver's license. When would you like the driver to pick you
CALLER: I'm just going I'm just going in there to pick up my driver's license. Thank you.
AGENT: Understood. To make sure everything is set, could you please tell me what time you would like the driver to pick you up for your return trip? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: No. Let me turn I don't want him to to pick me I don't I don't want him to leave me. I'm just going I'm just going in there to get my driver's license coming right back out.
AGENT: Got it. So you want the driver to wait for you at the motor vehicle administration and then bring you back home without leaving. Since you want the driver to wait, we
CALLER: Yes. Yes. Yes.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming. To finalize, could you please tell me what time you would like the driver to pick you up for the return trip after waiting? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: I want the driver to I'm gonna I'm all I'm doing I'm just going there to pick up my driver's license. I'll be right out.
AGENT: I understand you want the driver to wait for you while you pick up your
CALLER: This shouldn't take me no more than five yeah. Yes, ma'am. It won't take long. I'm just I'm just going in there to get my driver's license and I'm coming right out.
AGENT: Thank you for that. Since you want the driver to wait and bring you back right away, I'll note that for the return trip. Now, to
CALLER: I'm just doing a pickup. Yes. Thank you.
AGENT: When would you like the driver to pick you up for the return trip after waiting? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: Driver's not gonna leave me. I'm I'm I'm just going to pick up my driver's license. I'm coming right back out. It probably shouldn't take no more than five five minutes five maybe less than ten minutes for me to go in there and get my driver's license and come right back out with it.
AGENT: Thank you for explaining. To make sure
CALLER: So the driver the driver doesn't need to
AGENT: I understand you want the driver to stay and wait for you while you get your driver's license, and then bring you back home. To help me schedule the return trip
CALLER: Yes, ma'am. Yes, please.
AGENT: Thank
AGENT: I'm experiencing a technical limitation on my end. Let me connect you with a human agent who can assist you better.
CALLER: Thank you.