AGENT: Hi Alex, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Yes. I need to make a reservation for this Friday.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know about your reservation for this Friday. How would you like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Credit card.
AGENT: Thank you, your payment method is set to credit card.
AGENT: Could you please provide the pickup address for your ride on Friday?
CALLER: Yeah. Sure. Can you pick me up from the uh, from can you pick me up from my home?
AGENT: I have the pickup address as one three zero zero one Wisteria Drive, Germantown, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Right.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Could you please provide the destination or dropoff address for your ride?
CALLER: Sure. It's seven six two zero Maple Avenue in Tacoma Park, Maryland.
AGENT: I have the dropoff address as seven six two zero Maple Avenue, Takoma Park, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes. That's correct.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified. Thank you, Alex. I will now proceed with arranging your reservation for Friday.
AGENT: What time on Friday would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: I think eight forty five to be fine.
AGENT: Just to confirm, do you mean 8:45 AM or 8:45 PM on Friday?
CALLER: Yeah. 08:45 in the morning.
AGENT: Your pickup time is set for Friday at 8:45 in the morning. How many passengers will be traveling, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: Just me and no
AGENT: Thank you. I have recorded 1 passenger and no wheelchair needed. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: And no no instructions for the driver.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip from 13001 Wisteria Drive to 7620 Maple Avenue on Friday at 8:45 in the morning is 60.5, paying with Self. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Great, I'll start collecting the details for your return trip now.
AGENT: What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: 7AM.
AGENT: Just to confirm, you mean 7 AM for your return trip pickup time?
CALLER: 11AM.
AGENT: Just to confirm, you mean 11 AM for your return trip pickup time?
CALLER: Yep.
AGENT: Your return trip pickup time is set for Friday at 11 AM. How many passengers will be traveling on the return trip, and will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: So there are two passengers and one wheelchair And I actually need to change the drop off for the return trip.
AGENT: I have updated your return trip with 2 passengers and 1 wheelchair. I am also processing your request to change the dropoff address for the return trip. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver on the return trip?
AGENT: For your return trip, I have the pickup address as seven six two zero Maple Avenue, Takoma Park, Maryland, and the dropoff address as one three zero zero one Wisteria Drive, Germantown, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: I need to change the dropoff address.
AGENT: Understood. I will keep the return trip pickup address as seven six two zero Maple Avenue, Takoma Park, Maryland. Please provide the new dropoff address for your return trip.
CALLER: So it's the shading of hospital.
AGENT: I found Adventist HealthCare Shady Grove Medical Center at nine nine zero one Medical Center Drive, Rockville, Maryland. Is that the correct dropoff location for your return trip?
CALLER: Yes. That's the one. That's the one.
AGENT: Your return trip dropoff address has been verified. Thank you, Alex. I will now proceed with updating your reservation.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your return trip is 45.5, paying with Self. Should I go ahead and book both your main trip and return trip?
CALLER: Yep. Go ahead.
AGENT: Booking your trips now.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for July 3rd at 8:45 AM with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 3 3 8 3. Your return trip is scheduled for July 3rd at 11:00 AM with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 3 8 4. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
CALLER: No. No. Thank you. That would be all.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Alex. Have a wonderful day!