AGENT: Hello, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. May I have your name, please?
CALLER: Oh, I know. I spoke to you earlier. Okay. Anna, your number have been given to me by Carol Randero from Medicaid Transport. She said that you work with them.
AGENT: Thank you for sharing that. Could you please
CALLER: Okay then. And what we need hello?
AGENT: Uhh, so how can I assist you with your transportation needs today? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: Yes. And I I need a a consistency for a long time. My 39 years old boy with a autism needed a daily transportation Monday through Friday from Kensington to Saint Colera in Rockville. And he would be leaving at 08:30 in the morning and it would be and then be picked up at the 02:30. Every day. And Medicaid, they say, no. They they do he work with you people. That you work with you. Then I that's the one that gave me the number. Mentioned to them that I haven't spoken to you earlier. But that's the situation. Uh, the only thing is that my boy is no better about he would need maybe at least in in the in the morning, picked up in the curb. No problem. But in the morning, the building, he need to be bring bring that into the building and also picked up from the building. That's that's that's what we have to do. And a what that, you know, that you can make some arrangement, you know, for that. Situation. And that you that that may we don't if you have any problem. We have seen some drivers there. That they dropped some client. My voice doesn't need a wheelchair. Except that he's you know? And he he may know he may go anywhere, a different place. You know? Then so but when he to make sure that we live there and in the morning and that we picked up in the in the afternoon And at home, that is no problem because, know, with, you know, with the thing, you know, getting to the car, and then we would receive him in the afternoon. Are you following me on? Hello?
AGENT: I want to make sure I get everything right for you. Could you please tell me your name so I can assist you properly?
CALLER: Okay. Sure. My first name is Nelson, n e n s o n. And my last name is Turcio, t like Canton, u r c I o s. And my son's name is the same name number. Name. I'm sorry.
AGENT: Thanks, Nelson. This is Ana from Barwood & Regency. How can I help you today?
CALLER: K. Okay. I I explained to you that my son is, you know, on a transportation. On a every day, Monday through Friday. From home and came into to the program in San Correta in Rockville. And I and then to be picked up at two thirty in the afternoon, And had no problem, you know, in getting into the you know, pick him up at the curb. Okay? But the issue is would be drop in to to escort him from the taxes to inside the to the building. Basically, to the main door where there are people waiting for. Client there and then to be picked up at the same time through. At the same place. And I have to bring the phone, and we will receive here at home.
AGENT: Thanks for explaining that clearly. Since you mentioned "home" for pickup, I don't have your home address on file yet. Could you please provide the full home address where your son will be picked up each morning and dropped
CALLER: Okay. Nine Sure. Nine eight zero three Hill. Street, H I L L Split in Kensington. Maryland. Two zero eight nine five.
AGENT: Alright, how would you like to pay for the ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride. <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: Medicaid is a is a sponsor of Medicare. They work with you. Then it would be we have the hold the authorization and, also, we have the yeah. Basically. And if you have any question, please feel free to contact, you know, on a Huddl Randall's. At the medicaid transportation. This is not just a local taxi today or tomorrow. No. This is would be an ongoing transportation.
AGENT: I appreciate the information, but for this service, we only accept cash, credit card, or Call and Ride
CALLER: Sure. Okay. Say it again? Say it again, man. I couldn't understand what you're saying.
AGENT: Of course. For payment, we accept only cash, credit card, or Call and Ride. If you need help with other payment options like Medicaid, I can
CALLER: No. No. No, Anna. No, Anna. No, Anna. I think you don't have the right information then on it. I understand that you are at the front desk, but maybe someone there and the manager can give me a call. On my number is nine zero eight two zero eight two nine seven five. This is Anna. Your company a provider to Medicaid clients. But what you you believe, yes, that they want the on a one trip or something like that? No. No. This is a that would be an ongoing thing. The managers should know what is all about. Yeah. Is that okay? And I think that that would be better.
CALLER: Your office called me. Later.