AGENT: Hello, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. May I have your name
CALLER: Number
AGENT: Could you please tell me the phone number you are calling from so I can find your profile?
CALLER: I'm calling from Giant, um, from Giant at Aspen Hill. I don't know the number. I I just have to ask the guy the number. Hold on, please.
AGENT: Take your time. I'll be here when you're ready with the number.
CALLER: Okay.
AGENT: Whenever you have the phone number, just let me know, and I'll help you with your ride.
CALLER: Okay.
AGENT: Are you ready to provide the phone number now, or do you need a little more time?
CALLER: I needed I needed a small chain.
AGENT: I understand. Just let me know when you have the phone number, and I'll
CALLER: Well, just a
AGENT: Whenever you're ready, you can share the phone number with me,
CALLER: okay. Okay. Hold on.
AGENT: No rush at all. Take your time, and just let me know when you have the number.
AGENT: Take your time. Just let me know when you're ready.
CALLER: Three zero one four six zero seven five two seven.
AGENT: Thanks, Three. This is Ana from Barwood & Regency. How can I help you today?
CALLER: Alexa, taxi to take me to my home.
AGENT: Alright, how would you like to pay for your ride today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride. <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: Call and ride. Call and ride.
AGENT: Okay so I've got that payment noted as Call and Ride. Could you please provide the last six digits of your Call and Ride card? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
CALLER: Okay. Three one nine six six two.
AGENT: Thank you, your Call and Ride payment is all set. <emotion value="grateful"/>
AGENT: Okay, so I have the dropoff address as one three seven eight one Connecticut Avenue, Silver Spring, Maryland.
CALLER: Hello?
AGENT: Yes, I'm here to help. Is the dropoff address of one
CALLER: No. Not dropoff. That that is Okay. Continue.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming the dropoff address. Your dropoff address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the pickup address?
CALLER: No. No. Wait a minute. No. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. The drop off address is three one three six Road. Hello?
AGENT: Hmm <break time="350ms"/> let me check that address. You said the dropoff address is three one three six Road. Could you please tell me the full street name and city for that address? <emotion value="peaceful"/>
AGENT: I'm experiencing a technical limitation on my end. Let me connect you with a human agent who can assist you better.
CALLER: Yes, please. Thank