AGENT: Hi Ryan, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Yes. Hi. I would like to set up a pickup time today, please?
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know. How would you like to pay for your ride today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: I mean, you I'm gonna use call and ride card, please.
AGENT: Great, you’d like to use Call and Ride. Could you please provide the last six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: Yep.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the last six digits of your Call and Ride card so I can proceed with your payment verification?
CALLER: Yep. Sounds good. It's three one
AGENT: Thank you. Could you please provide the remaining digits of your Call and Ride card number? I need all six digits to proceed.
CALLER: Sounds good. It's three one three one four three.
AGENT: Thank you for providing your Call and Ride card details. Your payment method is set as Call and Ride.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the pickup address for your ride?
CALLER: Yes. Would like to be picked up at 7654 Standish Place in Durwood.
AGENT: I have the pickup address as seven six five four Standish Place, Derwood, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: I would like to be dropped off in a month. Give me one sec.
AGENT: Take your time. Just let me know the dropoff address whenever you're ready.
CALLER: I got it. It's I would like to be dropped off at 355 Martins Lane in Rockville, Maryland.
AGENT: I have the dropoff address as three five five Martins Lane, Rockville, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yeah. Yes. That's the one.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Ryan. I will now proceed with the next steps for your trip.
AGENT: What time today would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: I would like to be picked up at 05:30PM, please. 05:30.
AGENT: Your pickup time is set for today at 5:30 PM. How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: Nope. Just just me. I'm I'm I'm the I'm the only one that doesn't have any other disabilities and stuff.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know. Will you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: Nope. I should be good to go.
AGENT: Ryan, the estimated fare for your trip is 9.5 dollars, paying with your Call and Ride card. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: No, thank you.
AGENT: Thank you for your patience. I'm processing your booking now.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for today at 5:30 PM. Your confirmation number is 2 1 3 6 7 8 4 0 2. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
CALLER: Okay. Nope. I think we should be good to go.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Ryan. Have a great day!
CALLER: You too. Thank you.