AGENT: Hello selly, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Yes. I need a wheelchair van
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you need a wheelchair van. How would you like to pay for your ride today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: van Correct.
AGENT: Just to be sure, did you mean to say you will be paying with cash, credit card, or Call and Ride? Could you please specify your payment method?
CALLER: Credit card. Correct.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming your payment method as credit card.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the pickup address for your ride?
CALLER: Holy Cross Hospital Silver Spring fifteen hundred forest glen,
AGENT: I have 1 5 0 0 Forest Glen Road, Silver Spring, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: Three three three. Three. University Boulevard West, Kensington, Maryland two zero eight nine five.
AGENT: I have 3 3 3 3 University Boulevard West, Kensington, Maryland as your dropoff address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Selly. I will now proceed with arranging your ride.
AGENT: You mentioned you need one wheelchair-accessible vehicle. Is that correct? Please say yes to confirm or let me know if it needs to be changed.
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: That's soon as possible.
AGENT: Got it, I'll arrange your pickup as soon as possible. How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? Also, will anyone need wheelchair accessibility besides the one wheelchair you mentioned?
CALLER: Besides me, there'll be two others. But no other. Need.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 12.5 dollars, and you will be paying with your credit card. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Alright, I will proceed with booking just the one-way trip for you. Should I go ahead and book it now?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: I am booking your trip now.
AGENT: Your main trip is booked with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 3 7 6 7. Your pickup is today at 5:12 pm. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, selly. Have a wonderful day!