AGENT: Hello, fraincis. This is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Over the I need to speak to a human being.
AGENT: I can connect you to a person, though the agent wait can be long — if it's quick, I can help right now instead. Which would you prefer?
CALLER: I need a wheelchair accessible taxi at one thirty today. In the afternoon
AGENT: Let me get that set up for you right now.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know about the wheelchair accessible taxi for today at 1:30 in the afternoon. How would you like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: It will be a I know. I me speak to a human being, please.
CALLER: I will I will pay for it with a credit card.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you'll be paying with a credit card. Your payment method is all set as Credit Card.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the pickup address for your ride?
CALLER: Five five five zero Tuckerman Lane, in Rockville, Maryland.
AGENT: I have 5 5 5 0 Tuckerman Lane, Rockville, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: It's the CVS Pharmacy at one zero two three three Old Georgetown Road, in Bethesda, Maryland.
AGENT: I have 1 0 2 3 3 Old Georgetown Road, Bethesda, Maryland as your dropoff address at CVS Pharmacy. Is that correct?
CALLER: That is correct.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified. Thank you, fraincis. I will now proceed with arranging your ride.
AGENT: Just to confirm, you would like a wheelchair accessible taxi today at
CALLER: Wait.
AGENT: No problem, take your time. Just let me know when you're ready to continue.
CALLER: I need this to be, you know,
AGENT: I’m here to help. Could you please tell me more about what you need or any special instructions for
CALLER: it's to be an
AGENT: I’m sorry, I didn’t catch that completely. Could you please repeat or clarify what you need?
CALLER: Yes. I am in a large
AGENT: Thank you for sharing that.
CALLER: I am in a large electric wheel I I need to speak to a goddamn human being.
CALLER: I need to speak to a human being.
AGENT: I'm connecting you to a customer service representative now. Please stay on the line.