AGENT: Hello Morris, this is Ana from Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: I need a can
AGENT: I want to make sure I understand you correctly. Are you looking to book a ride? If so, could you please tell me where you'd like to be picked up and your destination?
CALLER: Yeah.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming. How would you like to pay for your ride today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: I'd like to be picked up at 19570 Crystal Rock Drive. Germantown. Todd Drive,
AGENT: Thank you for sharing your pickup location. Could you please also let me know how you would like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Three four seven eight eight seven.
AGENT: Just to be sure, are those the last six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: Yeah. Three four seven eight eight seven.
AGENT: Thank you for providing your Call and Ride card details. Your payment method is set to Call And Ride.
AGENT: Could you please confirm your pickup address for me? Is it 1 9 5 7 0 Crystal Rock Drive, Germantown, Maryland?
CALLER: Yeah. Yes.
AGENT: I have 1 9 5 7 0 Crystal Rock Drive, Germantown, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes. Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: One two eight two o West Deer Drive,
AGENT: Thank you for providing the dropoff address. Just to confirm, is it 1 2 8 2 0 West Deer Drive?
CALLER: Yeah.
AGENT: I have 1 2 8 2 0 Wisteria Drive, Germantown, Maryland as the dropoff address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yeah. It's yeah. Then I wanna leave from the bank and go to 20910 Frederick Road.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Mr. Morris.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: I hope I'll need I got a wheelchair.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you will need a wheelchair accessible vehicle. When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Yeah. Right now.
AGENT: I've scheduled your pickup for right now with a wheelchair accessible vehicle. How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself?
CALLER: Okay. Two. Two. Just me and one person.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming two passengers including yourself. Do you have any special instructions or notes for the driver?
CALLER: Yeah. Hello? No. I just wanna go to the bank. And then leave from the bank and let him take me to
AGENT: I understand you want to go to the bank, but for now, I just need to know if you have any special instructions for the driver, such as assistance needs or items to bring along. Do you have any notes for the driver?
CALLER: Yep. No. Special. No. Thanks. No. No.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 6 dollars, and you will be paying with your Call and Ride account. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: No. I'm just going to another spot once I leave there. That's it.
AGENT: Got it, just a one-way trip for now. Should I go ahead and book this trip for you?
CALLER: Yeah.
AGENT: Thank you. I am booking your trip now.
AGENT: Your trip is booked with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 6 4 4 1 7. Your pickup is today at 9:23 AM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Morris. Have a wonderful day!