AGENT: Hello, DARLEN. This is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: I want a cab Can I speak to someone, please? I need a cab. Right away, please.
AGENT: I can connect you to a person, though the agent wait can be long — if it's quick, I can help right now instead. Which would you prefer?
CALLER: Okay. Either I want a cab fast. I need a cab. Cash. Credit card, don't matter.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know you need a cab quickly. We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride as payment methods. Which one would you like to use for your ride?
CALLER: No. I'm I can use both. Credit card or cash. It doesn't matter. I need a. Oh, boy.
AGENT: I understand you can use either credit card or cash. To proceed smoothly, could you please choose one payment method for this ride?
CALLER: Yes. Okay. Cash.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming cash as your payment method. I'll proceed with that for your ride.
AGENT: Could you please tell me the address where you'd like to be picked up?
CALLER: Five three one Randolph Road,
AGENT: I have 5 3 1 Randolph Road, Silver Spring, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes. Yes. Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: I'm going around trip.
AGENT: Got it, I'll check on the return trip once your main trip details are complete. Meanwhile, could you please tell me the address where you want to go?
CALLER: To Wheaton. I don't know the address right off. But I I'll find out in the meantime because I'll call and see what the address is. Damn. Give me such a hard time to get a cab. Boy, boy, boy.
AGENT: No problem. When you have the exact address for Wheaton, just let me know and I can help you with the dropoff. For now, would you like me to note "Wheaton" as a temporary destination?
CALLER: Well, I I can tell the listening. Yes. Can you give me a cab, please? This is emergency. I need a cab. You have my pickup address. You know my name, Darlene Butler.
CALLER: You have my phone number.
AGENT: I found several locations for Wheaton. Here are
CALLER: Lord, have mercy.
AGENT: I understand this
CALLER: The the the the bus line near the bus station I don't want my child standing down there too long. Damn it. Well, he can't work tomorrow. That's the damn sure. He can't even get home now. Not doing this tomorrow.
AGENT: I understand this is
CALLER: Lord, have Lord, Boy, boy, boy. Can I speak to someone, please? Damn. Lord, have mercy.
CALLER: Lord have mercy. My mother birthday.
AGENT: I understand your concern about your child waiting too long near the bus station. To help you best, could you please tell me which of these Wheaton locations you would like to use as the dropoff?
CALLER: Just told you the bus station, the bus station, the bus station. The gate off the bus. I wanna pick them up from the bus station. It's on my birthday too. Man, damn it. I couldn't even get out today. Man, this is too much. Oh, lord. Help Can I please get a can I get a cab to pick me up and round trip back home? Lord, have mercy.
AGENT: Thank you for clarifying that you want to be picked up from the bus station in Wheaton. I will proceed with that. Since you mentioned a round trip, I'll make sure to arrange the return trip back home as well. Let me confirm the dropoff address for the bus station in Wheaton to make sure I have the right location.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified. Thank you, Darlene.
AGENT: You mentioned you
AGENT: Take your time. Just let me know when you're ready.
CALLER: Can I speak can I speak to someone, please? Can I speak to someone, please? Damn it. Let me talk to a damn machine. Lord, have mercy. Can I speak to someone, please? I'm asking nicely to speak to someone. How the hell is this a cab service, and you can't even get a cab? I need to speak to someone I wanna be picked up from home, not stationed. Damn. You talking about picked up from the bus station. I wanna be picked up from home. Five three one Randolph Road, Lord, have mercy. Lord, have mercy. Don't believe it's
CALLER: I please speak to someone You're just gonna hold the phone, not say nothing.
AGENT: I'm connecting you to a customer service representative now. Please stay on the line.
CALLER: Thank you. You.