AGENT: Hello, this is Barwood & Regency. Am I speaking with Al-Nissa Johnson?
CALLER: I know that sales was people taking photos of her to their plastic surgeons. And telling them this is exactly how I want you to make me look. And her lips are an iconic staple. After embarking on her own career, she earned a reputation as a wild child though. She makes headlines all the time for her fascination in the past, of course, she has since changed a little bit more and toned down. But she's made headlines because of her fascination with blood and dye. Experiences with substance use, and her sensual private life, particularly her going both ways, liking both men and women, and her interest in data mechanism. And I can't say those words on YouTube. But she's just into some really dark stuff. She is my favorite quote from her is I say things that other people might go through. That's what artists should do. Throw things out there and not be perfect and not have answers for anything. And see if people understand. We are gonna get into all of those things, her alleged little love twist with her brother where people accused her of You know what I mean? We're gonna get into all of that Brad Pitt relationship and scandal. Just everything. But before we get into that, let's talk about some of her favorite things as well as her beauty secret. Her favorite color is black, and I can see that. Come on. Her favorite food are Cheerios and McDonald's. So a pretty simple girl if you ask me. Her hobbies are reading. She loves to read and indulge in reading. And according to her dermatologist, she doesn't have, like, an extensive beauty routine. Her dermatologist, doctor Rhonda Rand, states that she wears minimal makeup and never her skincare routine, which includes never going without sunscreen or moisturizer. And she doesn't go crazy with treatment. She doesn't have any kind of plastic look because she doesn't do anything dressy. Nothing that she does.
AGENT: Thank you for sharing all that interesting information. Just to confirm before we continue, are you Al-Nissa Johnson?
CALLER: Five. In LA, Los Angeles, California. And she was already born in fame. So she has famous parents. Her parents were actors John Boyd. She she has
AGENT: Thanks for that. Just to make sure, am I speaking with Al-Nissa Johnson?
CALLER: Plastic descent, and I can see that in the structure fee. While her mother was a French Canadian ancestry. She recalls a pretty people to her mother. And because of of her father and all of Be raised. By her mother. With her parents wanted to be an actress.
AGENT: I want to make sure I have the
CALLER: March 1, the first
AGENT: I want to make sure I have the right person. Are you Al-Nissa Johnson?
AGENT: I'm experiencing a technical limitation on my end. Let me connect you with a human agent who can assist you better.
CALLER: She bear to see her daughter and.