AGENT: Hello, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. Am I speaking with Drew Evans?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Thanks for confirming, Drew. This is Ana from Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: Yes. I'm calling about my return trip.
AGENT: I understand you're calling about your return trip. Let me connect you to the right team who can assist you with
CALLER: From
AGENT: Could you please tell me the pickup address for your return trip?
CALLER: Yes. A twenty five hundred Seneca Meadows Parkway. Germantown, Maryland two zero eight seven six.
AGENT: Thank you for that address. How would you like to pay for your trip today? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: I had a open had a open return trip scheduled already.
AGENT: Got it, I'll check on the return trip once your main trip details are complete. Meanwhile, how would you like to pay for your current trip? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: Colin Wright.
CALLER: Colon rug.
AGENT: Just to confirm, did you mean Call and Ride for your payment method?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Could you please provide the last six digits of your Call and Ride card?
CALLER: Yes. Zero zero three two eight six zero zero three two eight six
AGENT: Thank you, Drew. Your payment method is Call and Ride.
AGENT: I have the pickup address as two zero five zero zero Seneca Meadows Parkway, Germantown, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Now, could you please provide the destination or dropoff address?
CALLER: Yes. We the drop off address is twenty four hundred Apple Harvest Circle, Germantown, Maryland to
AGENT: I couldn't find
CALLER: two two zero eight seven six
AGENT: Thank you. To clarify, is your dropoff address 2208 Apple Harvest Circle, Germantown, Maryland?
CALLER: No. Twenty four hundred apple harvest Circle, Germantown, Maryland. 20876.
AGENT: I found a couple of locations related to 2400 Apple Harvest Circle in Germantown, Maryland. Here are the options:

1. The Elms at Germantown, 20426 Apple Harvest Circle
2. 20500 Seneca Meadows Parkway, number 2400

Which one would you like to use as your dropoff address?
CALLER: Neither. My address is two zero four zero zero Apple Harvest Circle, Germantown, Maryland. 20876.
AGENT: I have the dropoff address as two zero four zero zero Apple Harvest Circle, Germantown, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Repeat that again.
AGENT: The dropoff address I have is two zero four zero zero Apple Harvest Circle, Germantown, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes. That is it.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Drew. I will now proceed with your booking.
AGENT: When would you like to be picked up?
CALLER: Right now.
AGENT: How many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible
CALLER: Two. One one wheelchair One wheelchair. And then one standard. One regular passenger. One wheelchair passenger then one regular.
AGENT: Thank you, I have recorded 2 passengers including 1 who needs a wheelchair-accessible vehicle. Do you have any special
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Please tell me the special instructions or notes you would like the driver to know.
CALLER: Yes. I would like to be picked up at the of MedStar National Rehabilitation Hospital.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your trip is 9 dollars, paying with your Call and Ride account. You mentioned you'd like a return trip — would you still like me to set that up?
CALLER: Yes. I would like the return trip for him. Seneca Medals Parkway.
AGENT: What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: No.
AGENT: Thank you. I am processing your main trip booking now. Please hold on a moment.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for today at 4:36 PM. The confirmation number is 2 1 3 6 6 9 6 9 9. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
CALLER: Yes. Could you repeat the confirmation number?
AGENT: Certainly. The confirmation number for your main trip is 2 1 3 6 6 9 6 9 9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: No. Thank you.
AGENT: Thank you for calling Barwood & Regency, Drew. Have a wonderful day.
CALLER: Is the estimated arrival time?