AGENT: Hello Charlotte, this is Ana with Barwood & Regency. How can I assist you today?
CALLER: I need to try to set up a transport for tomorrow morning for a wheelchair.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know about the wheelchair for tomorrow morning. How would you like to pay for your ride? We accept cash, credit card, and Call and Ride.
CALLER: It'll be it'll be cash.
AGENT: Thank you for choosing cash as your payment method.
AGENT: Could you please provide the pickup address for your ride tomorrow morning?
CALLER: K. The pickup is 7727 Scotland Drive. S C 0 T L A N D, Drive in Potomac, Maryland
AGENT: I have 7 7 2 7 Scotland Drive, Potomac, Maryland as your pickup address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes. Yes.
AGENT: Your pickup address has been verified. Could you please provide the destination or dropoff address for your ride?
CALLER: Yes. It's six six four Watkins Mill Road, in Gaithersburg.
AGENT: I found Watkins Mill High School at 1 0 3 0 1 Apple Ridge Road, Gaithersburg, Maryland. Is this the correct dropoff location?
CALLER: No. It's not. Hold on a second. Let me see if I can get the correct address. Hold on.
AGENT: Take your time. Just let me know the correct dropoff address when you're ready.
CALLER: Okay. Hold on.
AGENT: I'm here whenever you're ready. Just let me know the dropoff address when you have it.
CALLER: Okay.
AGENT: Could you please provide the dropoff address for your ride?
CALLER: Yes. Uh, in a in a minute. I'm trying to find it.
AGENT: No problem at all. Take your time to find the dropoff address, and just let me know when you're ready.
AGENT: Take your time. Just let me know when you're ready.
AGENT: I haven't heard from you in a while. Are you still there? I'll end this call shortly if I don't hear from
CALLER: Yes.
CALLER: Yes. Hold on.
AGENT: Thank you for letting me know. Whenever you're ready, please provide the dropoff address for your ride.
AGENT: Take your time. Just let me know when you're ready.
CALLER: K. Be with you shortly.
AGENT: Thank you. I'll be here when you're ready to provide the dropoff address.
CALLER: Okay. The number is six fifty five Watkins Mill Road, Gaithersburg.
CALLER: Six five five.
AGENT: I have 6 5 5 Watkins Mill Road, Gaithersburg, Maryland as your dropoff address. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Your dropoff address has been verified, Charlotte. I'll now proceed with arranging your ride.
AGENT: You mentioned you need a pickup tomorrow morning and that one wheelchair will be traveling. Is that correct? Please say yes to confirm or let me know if any details need to be changed.
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Thank you for confirming. How many
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Could you please tell me how many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? Also, will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: No. Just two. Two, myself and, and the the wheelchair person.
AGENT: Charlotte, the estimated fare for your trip is 32.5 dollars, paying with cash. Would you like to schedule a return trip as well?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: Two thirty. PM.
AGENT: The time you requested has already passed. What time would you like to be picked up for your return trip?
CALLER: 02:30PM tomorrow.
AGENT: Thank you. For your return trip, how many passengers will be traveling, including yourself? And will anyone need a wheelchair-accessible vehicle?
CALLER: Yes. Myself and one wheelchair.
AGENT: For your return trip, I have the pickup address as 6 5 5 Watkins Mill Road, Gaithersburg, Maryland, and the dropoff address as 7 7 2 7 Scotland Drive, Potomac, Maryland. Is that correct?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: The estimated fare for your return trip is 32.5 dollars, paying with cash. Should I go ahead and book both trips?
CALLER: Yes.
AGENT: Thank you, I am now booking both your trips.
AGENT: Thank you for your patience. I am now booking both your main and return trips.
AGENT: Your main trip is scheduled for tomorrow at 8:00 AM with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 7 8 5 1 1. Your return trip is scheduled for tomorrow at 2:30 PM with confirmation number 2 1 3 6 7 8 5 1 2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
CALLER: Yes. I need a correction on the the main trip. The time.
CALLER: Pickup time?
AGENT: Yes, the pickup time for the main trip. What time would you like it changed to?
CALLER: 10:30AM.
AGENT: I will connect you to a representative who can assist with changing the pickup time for your main trip. Please hold for a moment.
CALLER: Thank you.
AGENT: I'm connecting you to a customer service representative now. Please stay on the line.
AGENT: I'm connecting you to a customer service representative now. Please stay on the line.